---
title: Building a cross-platform system is still challenging.
tags: development
---

I'm building multiple websites and a cross-platform mobile application (iOS and Android) for our company.
However, regardless of wonderful cross-platform frameworks like Expo, I learned that building a cross-platform system takes time and effort.

We use Next.js for the web and React Native (Expo) for the mobile app, and we built a unified design system for all the services.
However, we didn't have a unified design library that could be used across the web and React native frameworks. Therefore, we had to re-implement the UI components for each service.
We wanted to fix this problem because the inefficiency grew as our system grew.

Unfortunately, we could not find a library that would fit us. [`react-native-for-web`](https://necolas.github.io/react-native-web/) cannot be used in Next.js. [`tagamui`](https://tamagui.dev/) was also a good option. It tries to solve the [trilemma of frontend development](https://tamagui.dev/docs/intro/why-a-compiler). 
However, we wanted simpler than `tamagui`.

We ended up developing our own cross-platform UI library, which is called `react-cerberus`. It has three parts: core, native, and web. A service depends on the core and one of the native and web packages.
We could make a UI package using `react-cerberus`, which could be used for React web services and React Native services.

We plan to release `react-cerberus` when we implement the core functionalities. I will write a post that explains the library in more detail.
